Hi again! This is the solution to exercise 46 where you are asked to create a script that extracts
letters from the 26 text files which I have in here in this folder called letters A to Z.
And so you are asked to put those letters in a list, so the letters contained inside each of the text files.
This is the solution. I'm using the glob library here.
That's a standard library.
You don't need to install it.
Then I create a letters list here which is empty for now.
Then I generate a list with glob.glob.
And the globe method
will be looking at this pattern, path pattern for file names.
So it goes to the letters folder and then it gets everything.
Ends with .txt so it gets the 26 text files.
These ones in here and then iterate through that list because you know if you print file list
you'll see that you get all the paths of your files and you iterate through this at list.
So for let's say letters slash a.txt, you open it write mode as a file and then
and you say letters, so letters is the list you have created earlier append file.read.
So with file.read you're going to get the contents of that current file which is letter a
and the backslash n character which is a break line and so you'd want to strip out that character
from the content.
So you end up with only a. And so you append the first letter to the letters list and then the loop goes back
again.
It goes to the next file name and does exactly the same thing until it goes to the very last file name.
The loop stops and Python goes to the next line which is printing out the list letters which was
constructed in the loop.
That's quite nice and straightforward.
I hope it's clear for you and thanks! I'll see you later.